# Lab 4

 This lab aims to get students to install and configure **indirect communication** tools and implement micro-service-based applications using those tools for communication. In this lab, we shall focus on [Kafka](https://kafka.apache.org).

## Problem 1

Download __Kafka__ and set up a cluster with four (04) brokers. Each topic will have three (03) partitions with a replication factor of two 02. Use the consumer and producer tools provided by __kafka__  to communicate.

## Steps
1. Download, install and fire up a __kafka__ instance
1. Create topics to exchange messages

## Problem 2

In this problem, we wish to implement an automated training organiser. Given a specialisation (e.g., Computer Science, Distributed systems) and a level (beginner, middle and advanced), the system generates a collection of materials for the training. We consider three (3) types of materials:
* course notes,
* annotated slides and,
* practicals (problem and solution memo).

The number of materials offered for a given training depends on its duration. There are three (3) possible duration types: half-day, full-day and day-and-half.

We will use micro-services as an architectural style for this application. As such, each type of material is handled/generated by a micro-service. There can be several instances of a service. As well, all data handled by the training generator will be persited in a MongoDB data store.

Using Ballerina, your task is to implement the entire application and deploy it in a Docker container.
